Chapter 1 - Going To Bed
It is ten o'clock at night.
The old man is watching TV.
TV program is finished.
He wants to sleep.
He switches off the TV.
He stretches and yawns.
He goes into the bedroom.
He switches on the table-lamp.
He sits on the bed.
He takes off his shoes and socks
He takes off the sweater.
He takes off the trousers.
He puts on the pajamas.
He pulls back the blanket.
He switches off the table-lamp.
He sits on the bed.
He lies down.
He pulls up the blanket.
He falls asleep.
Finally, he is dreaming about his families.

-------------------------

Chapter 2 - Good Morning.
It is seven o'clock in the morning.
The old lady wakes up.
She stretches and yawns.
She gets out of bed.
She does the morning exercises.
She goes into the bedroom.
She washes her face.
She comes back into her bedroom.
She changes her clothes.
She makes the bed.
She goes into the kitchen.
She prepares breakfast.
She has a cup of tea and a piece of cakes.
She reads the newspaper.
She goes into the bathroom again.
She cleans her teeth.
She kisses her husband, her son and her dog.
Finally, she goes to her work.

-------------------------

Chapter 3 - Breakfast Cereal
It is a sunny day.
The old man wants to have breakfast Cereal.
Firstly, he takes the food-packet.
He opens it.
He pours some food into the bowl.
A little food spills out of the bowl.
He picks it up and puts it back into the bowl.
He closes the food-packet.
He sprinkles a little sugar on the food.
He pours some milk into the bowl.
He tastes it. He chews it.
Finally, he swallows it.

-------------------------

Chapter 4 - Scrambled Eggs

It is a sunny day.
The old man wants to have Scrambled Eggs.
Firstly, he takes three eggs and a frying pan.
He cracks the eggs into the bowl one by one.
He takes a mixer.
He puts it into the bowl.
He switches on it.
He sprinkles a little salt on the bowl.
He pours some milk into the pours.
He stirs it again and again.
He drops some cooking oil into the frying pan.
He puts it on the stove.
He switches on it.
He pours the food into the frying pan.
He stir it again and again.
It smells good.
He tastes it.
He switches off the stove.
He transfers the food into the plate.
Finally, he eats the food eagerly.

-------------------------

Chapter 5 - A piece of Toast
Our character is an old man. He wants to have a piece of toast.
Firstly, he takes a piece of bread from a loaf.
He puts it into the toaster.
He switches on it.
A few seconds later, it is cooked.
It comes out of the toaster.
He puts it on the plate.
He spreads some butter on it.
It looks delicious.
He puts some jam on it.
He spreads it again.
He halves it with a knife.
He takes the first one.
he puts it into his mouth.
He chews it.
He swallows it.
He takes the another one.
He chews it and swallows it.
Finally, there is no more on the plate.
He has eaten them all.

-------------------------

Chapter 6 - A glass of Milk.
The boy wants to drink a glass of milk.
Firstly, he pours some milk into the glass.
A little milk spills out of the glass.
He goes to the basin.
He takes a piece of cloth.
He gets it wet.
he twists it.
He comes back to the table.
He rubs the table with the wet-cloth.
He goes to the basin again.
He washes the cloth under the tap.
He hangs it up on the water-pipe.
He comes back to the table.
He drinks his milk.
At that time, his mother comes into the room and scolds him.

-------------------------

Chapter 7 - Washing your Hands
The old man's hands are dirty.
He wants to wash them.
He goes to the basin.
He turns on the tap.
The tap runs.
He takes the soap from the soap-dish.
He washes his hand under the tap with the soap.
He puts the soap back in the soap-dish.
He washes his hand again.
he turns off the tap.
He takes the towel on the rack.
He cleans his hands with the towel.
Finally, he hangs up the towel on the rack whistling.

-------------------------
Chapter 8 - Soup for lunch
The old man wants to have soup for lunch.
Firstly, he takes the soup-tin and tin-opener.
He opens the tin with the tin-opener.
He pours some soup into the saucepan.
He adds some water into it because it is thick.
He stirs it again and again.
He puts it on the stove.
he covers it with the lid.
He switches on the stove.
A few minutes later, the soup gets boiled.
He lifts the lid.
he stirs it. He tastes it.
He switches off the stove.
He pours the soup into the bowl.
He tastes it again.
It is very hot.
He blows on the soup.
Now, the soup is getting cold.
Finally, he drinks the soup eagerly.

-------------------------
Chapter 9 - Making tea
The boy wants to have a cup of tea.
Firstly, he goes into the kitchen.
he takes a kettle.
He fills the kettle with some water.
He puts it on the stove.
He switches on the stove.
A few minutes later, the water gets boiled.
He switches off the stove.
He takes the tea-bag.
He puts it into the cup.
He pours some boiling water into the cup.
He takes the tea-bag out of the cup in case it becomes strong.
He pours some milk into the cup.
Now, the tea is ready to drink.
At that time, his uncle comes to his house.
He makes another cup of tea.
Finally, they drink the tea together.

-------------------------
Chapter 10 - Getting Home
The old lady is getting home.
She goes upstairs.
She takes the key out of her handbag.
She puts it into the key hole.
She turns the key to the right-side.
Thus, she unlocks the door.
She takes the key out of the key-hole.
She puts it back into her handbag.
She turns the door-knob to the right-side.
She opens the door.
She goes into the room.
She closes the door.
She bolts up the door.
She switches on the table-lamp.
Finally, she sits in the armchair looking at
her husband's photograph on the wall.

-------------------------
Chapter 11 - At the Doctor's Office
The boy is wating At the doctor's office.
He is not feeling well. The doctor comes into the room.
she shakes his hand. she asks him, 'what is the matter?'
the boy explains to the doctor. he has headache, backache and chill.
The doctor takes the temperature and pulse.
she listens to his heart. she looks at his eyes.
she looks in his ear. She asks him to open his mouth wide and say 'Ah!'.
The boy says 'Ah!Ah!'. The doctor examines his tongue and throat.
Then, she says that he has flu.Finally, the doctor asks him to go back hoke,
to take some medicine and to take rest in bed the whole day.

----------------------------
Chapter 12 Vitamin Pill

the old man thinks he is weak.
he wants to take vitamin pill.
Firstly, he takes the vitamin bottle.
he opens it. he takes the pill out of the bottle. he closes the bottle.
he puts it back. he puts the pill into his mouth.
he drinks a glass of water. he swallows it.
but the pill sticks in his throat. he drinks another glass of water.
Finally, the pill goes down into his stomach.

----------------------------

Chapter 13 You are getting sick
The old man is getting sick. he sneeze again and again.
he takes the handkerchief out of his pocket. he rubs his noses. he rubs his eyes.
he covers his nose with the handkerchief.
he blows his nose. a little mucus comes out. 
he wants to take medicine. he goes to the drug-store.
on the way, he falls down on the ground.
he tries to stand up. he walks to the drug- store slowly.
At the drug-store, he buys some medicine and comes back home. At his house,  he takes some medicine and takes rest the whole day.

----------------------------

Chapter 14 Putting Drops in Your Eyes
the old ma has poor eye sight 
he wants to use eye drop bottle
firstly he takes the eye drop bottle
he open it
he squeeze the tube
he see up
he adjust his face in the right position
he open his eye with his hand
he drop the mdeicine
but the medicine misses
it flows on his cheek
he rubs the medicined with the handerchief
he try again
this time medicine falls right into his eye
he blink agian and agin
finally the medcine comes into his eye thorough

----------------------------

Chapter 15 A dental appointment
The young boy is waiting at the dental appointment
he has toothache.
He presses his teeth with his hand
he can't bear it. so he cries out
he look at his watch. he call the doctor.
a beatutiful receptionist appears in the window
she takes him into the rom
she asks him to sit in the armchair.
at that time, the doctor comes into the room.
he ask him what is the trouble. the boy explain the doctor.
he has toothace he can't eat any food. he can't play with his frined
he lies down
the doctor asks him to open his mouth wide
the dotctor examine his teeth with the instruments
the doctor pulls out some teeth
the boy clenches his fist
the doctor caps and fills some teeth
while thd doctor is curing ,the boy is thinking about his toys and food

----------------------------

Chapter 16 A bloody knee
The old man is walking along the street whistling
he gaze something
suddenly he falls down on the ground
he tries to stand up.
he feel pain
he is weeping
he lokk us his knee
he see his blood knees
he rubs the blood with the handerchief
he limps to the drug store slowly
at the drug sotre, he buys some medicine
he comeback home
at his house, hewashes his wound under the tap
he drops some iodine in his wound
his wound sting
he blows it 
he takes the handy plaster
he opens it 
he stick it on his wound
finally he throws some litter into the dustbin

----------------------------

Chapter 17	A broken plate
Suddenly, the boy drops the plate on the table.
It breaks into pieces. He gathers the broken pieces.
he takes the glue-tube out of the cupboard.
he unscrews the tube. he squeezes it. 
a little glue comes out. he puts it on the broken pieces.
he fixes it one by one. a few minutes later, it becomes fixed.
he puts it down on the table carefully. he screws the tube.
he puts it back in the cupboard.
the next day, the broken plate is all right.
at that time, his friends comes to his house.
he show the plate to his friend and says the glue is very nice.

----------------------------

Chapter 18	A broken Glass
Suddenly, the boy drops the glass on the floor.
It breaks into pieces. He gathers the broken pieces.
he does it carefully because he fears that it can cut his fingers.
he brings them into the dustbin. he goes into the room.
he takes a broom and a dustpan. 
he gathers the pieces with the broom and plus them into the dustpan.
he throws them into the dustbin. he keeps them back in the room. 
he takes another glass on the shelf. 
at that time, his mother comes into the room and scolds him.

----------------------------

Chpater 19 Fire
the old man is preparing the in the kitchen
his grandchild is playing near him.
suddendly the fire breaks out in the frying pan
he tries to cover it with the lid
but the fire moves to another place.
this place catches fire. he cannot control the fire.
he brings his grandchild and runs out of the room.
he closes the door. he is very present minded.
he rings up the emergency. he report the fire
the operator records his report.
he warns other family member.fire fire.
they all run out of therir rooms
the fire engine rushes to this place.
the fire fighters put out the fire in a few minutes
at that time, his grandchildren are weeping. he consoles them.
finally, he comes back to his houses. 
he thanks god
he sees that everything is burnt.

----------------------------

Chapter 20 Stop Thief
A thief wants to rob a woman.
Firstly, he takes the gun out of his waist.
he points at the lady with the gun.
he asks her to hold her hands up and drop the purse.
he picks up the purse he is ready to run away
at that time, the police comes here.
The thief runs away.
The police runs after him. The police shouts 'stop thief stop'
But the thief keeps on running. The police opens fire into the air.
The thief stops and drops his gun and purse.
He hods his hands up.
he says don't shott me. 2
The police takes him in his car. at that time, the old man comes
here and says. 'don't worry about that. crime doesn't pay.

--------------------------

Chapter 21	Sewing on a Button
The old man wants to sew a button on his coat.
He cuts the tread. The threads the needle.
He makes a knot at the end of the thread.
He sticks the needle through the cloth.
he puts the needle through a hole of the button
he puts the needle through another hole of the button.
he sticks it back through the cloth.
he pulls it right. he does it again and again.
he finishes it. finally, he bits the thread off.

----------------------------
Chapter 22 Taking care of baby.

Some new neighbours come to the old man's house. They request him to take care of baby.
The old man loves the baby. So, he accepts it.
Firstly, he puts the baby on his thigh.
he kisses the baby. he wants to know whether the bay is boy or girl.
he kisses the baby again. he hugs it. he squeezes it.
he offers some food to the baby. he feeds the baby again and again.
suddenly, the baby spits out the food on his cloth.
his clothes get dirty. he puts the baby in the armchair.
he cleans his cloth. Finally, he is tired of taking care of baby.

----------------------------

Chapter 23 Painting a picture
The boy is not only diligent but also persevering. 
He always spends his time wisely. During the summer holidays, he studies how to paint.
Firstly, he spreads the old newspaper on the floor.
He takes a piece of drawing paper out of the drawer.
he takes a paint-can. he opens it. he takes a brush.
he dips the brush in the paint. he paints the picture.
he gets it dry. he closes the paint can. he puts it back on the shelf in the cupboard.
he washes the brush under the tap. 
he wipes it with a piece of cloth. he hangs it up on the wall.
he folds up the old newspaper.
finally, he keeps them back in the cupboard.

----------------------------

Chapter 24	 Changing a light bulb
The old man is an avid reader. he can't help reading.
Thoday he gets an idea to read the book. But, the weather is gloomy.
he switches on the table-lamp. But it is out of order. he tests it one after another.
Finally, he finds out that the bulb is burnt.
He wants to change for new one. He takes the new bulb out of the cupboard.
he unplug the table lamp. he removes the cover from the table-lamp.
he unscrews the old-bulb. he screws the new bulb.
he puts the cover back on the table-lamp.
he plugs it. now it is all right.
he throws the old bulb into the dustbin.

----------------------------

Chapter 25 Putting up a tower rack.
The boy wants to put up a towel rack in the bathroom.
Firstly, he takes the ready-made tower-rack.
He puts it on the wall. he marks the places.
he puts it down on the floor.
he drills the marks on the wall. 
he puts the rack on the holes. he puts the screws into the holes.
he screws it with the screwdriver.
there are four-screws. He screws them one by one.
he adjust the tower racks. He tightens it with the force.
Finally, tower-rack is ready in the bathroom

----------------------------

Chapter 26 - Writting a Letter
The boys is very sociable.
he has large circle of friends.
Today he wants to write a letter to his friend.
Firstly, he takes a piece of paper.
He writes down the dates at the top of the paper.
He writes down some lines.
At the end of the letter, he signs his name.
He folds up the paper. 
he puts it into the envelope.
He licks the envelope.
he seals it.
He writes down his friend's address on the envelope.
He writes down his address at the corner of the envelope.
He tears off a piece of stamp.
He licks it.
he sticks it on the envelope.
He brings the letter to the mailbox whistling.
Finally, he mails the letter.

----------------------------

Chapter 27 - Washing Dishes
The boy is to wash the dirty dishes.
It is his duty.
He fills the basin with some water.
He squeezes the liquid-soap into it.
He washes the dishes under the tap roughly.
He puts them into the basin one by one.
He washes the dishes thoroughly.
He rinses the dishes under the tap.
He stacks them in the dish-shelf.
He lets the dirty water out.
He sprinkles the detergent-powder into it.
He scrubs the basin with the sponge.
Finally, he cleans the basin with some water.

----------------------------

Chapter 28 - Dusting
Our Character is an old man.
He is a workaholic. 
He can't help working.
Today he gets an idea to clean the living room.
Firstly, he takes a piece of cloth.
He goes into the room.
He removes the book on the top-shelf.
He dusts the top-shelf.
He dusts the middle-shelf.
He dusts the bottom-shelf.
He dusts the table-lamp and sofa.
he puts down some litter on the floor.
He puts a piece of cloth at the top of the broom.
He removes the cobweb at the corner of the room.
He plugs the vacuum-cleaner.
He vacuums the floor whistling.
Finally, the whole room is clean.
He is very satisfied with himself.

----------------------------
Chapter 29 - Time to clean house
The mother asks her son to clean the house.
He puts on the apron.
He sprinkles some detergent powder into the basin.
He scrubs the basin with the sponge.
He sweeps the floor in the kitchen.
He fills the bucket with some water.
He squeezes the liquid soap into it.
He gets the mop wet.
He mops the floor.
he dusts the furniture.
He throws the rubbish into the dustbin.
He plugs the vacuum-cleaner.
He operates it.
He vacuums the floor in the living room.
He keeps them back in the room.
Finally, the whole house is clean.
his mother rewards him with the delicious food.

----------------------------

Chapter 30 - Ice-cream and TV
The old man wants to have ice-cream watching TV.
He goes into the kitchen.
He opens the fridge and ice-compartment.
He takes the ice-cream packet out of it.
He adjust the temperature.
He puts the packet on the table.
He opens it .
He transfers some ice-cream into the cup.
He leaves the packet on the table.
He goes into the living-room whistling.
He switches on the TV.
He watches the TV having ice-cream.
One hour later, ice-cream is no more.
He wants another helping.
He goes to the table again.
He finds that all ice-cream melts away.
He blames himself 'How silly of me'.

----------------------------
Chapter 31- Shopping for a coat
The old man is a manager in the company.
He has to attend the emergency meeting in foreign country.
He needs a new coat.


































